How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

 It helped me comparing both files and find the bug easy in particular line.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

 It helps in adding some new features,debuging the error in existing file and helps in making it efficient.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

 Pros: It helps in creating a commit per logical change 
 Cons: When we forget to create a commit for a logical change,then it creates a problem.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

 Because Git allows saving of multiple files in a single repository which are interlinked together, so 
 saving multiple files in one commit is neccesary because its may affect other files in a repository.
 While Google Docs doesn't allow multiple files in one repository so they treat each commit as separate file. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

 Typing git log in the repository(astroids) helps in viewing all the commits made along with other informations like
 IDs(unique for each commit),time, author and name of commit(why it was made made).
 Then git diff firstcommit_id secondcommit_id helps in finding the difference between the firstcommit and the second
 commit like how many lines were added and deleted and what changes were made.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

 If something breaks or we find any bug then using version control make it more to find it by going back to previous  
 versions or commits and can checkout each commit were the bug was introduced and fix it. We can use command like "git checkout ID_of_commit"
 to go to that commit.But once we commit this then this commit becomes the most recent commit and we cant get the commits which we introduced after 
 this commit(before this commit was checkout).We cant get them if we have the the Ids of those commit.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

 I want to work on some projects and commit the versions of it so that it help me debug it and add some new features in future. 
