What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

 When we initialize a repository, a git repository is created and a .git file is also created.
 Usually the .git file is hidden but we can find it if use "ls -a" command.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

 The working directory is the repository in which the original files are stored.But the staging is a intermediate
 stage between the working directory and the commit. Before making a commit the files are added to staging area 
 using "git add file_name" command. The status of directory can be checked using "git status" command. 


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

 We can add the chages made in working directory to staging area use a command "git add". Now when we use command
 "git diff" without any arguement then git compares the working directory and staging area, If we use command 
 "git diff --staged" then it compares the sstaging area and git repository, If we use command "git diff" with two 
 arguements then is compares between two commit specified by their IDs in the command. 
  We can use the staging area to check whelter the changes added are one commit per logical change by first adding 
  the changes to staging area and then commiting it after that.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

 Whenever we want to add some new feature or anything like experimental changes which we are not sure of that it will work and we also
 want the earlier version(commit) then we can use branches, to make a branch from master(earlier commit) by using a
 command called "git branch branch_name". We can checkout the branches using their respective name, same way as we checkout 
 a commit using its ID.  


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

 The diagramatic representation of branches helps us lot in understanding the progress of our project. It helps us in
 viewing the commits made in each branch in a systematic manner and help us know their parent in a easy manner.
 When we use "git log" it shows us the commits in that particular branch uptill it reaches the parent.But to view 
 we use "git show commit_id" gives the difference between that commit and its parent.
  

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

 The result of merging two branches is a new commit which incorporates the changes (commits) made in both the branches.
 We do this by using the command "git branch branch_1 branch_2 ".We represent it in the diagramatic way because it helps
 us visulize the structure of repository in a systematic manner. 


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?  
 
 